Documentation for Snowflake Semantic View (#8031)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-configs.md

```
Ensure that `QUOTED_IDENTIFIERS_IGNORE_CASE` on your account is set to `FALSE`. 

## Semantic View
[Snowflake's Semantic View](https://docs.snowflake.com/user-guide/views-semantic/overview) offers a powerful, native schema object for centralizing key metric definitions, directly addressing the core issue of fragmented metric logic that erodes data trust across various BI and analytics environments.

> The [dbt_semantic_view package](https://hub.getdbt.com/Snowflake-Labs/dbt_semantic_view/latest/) allows developers to fully integrate the governance of their Snowflake Semantic Views into their existing dbt workflows, thereby extending dbt's strengths in version control, testing, and CI/CD directly to their centralized semantic layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`dbt_semantic_view package`](https://hub.getdbt.com/Snowflake-Labs/dbt_semantic_view/latest/) lets you manage Snowflake Semantic Views in your existing dbt workflows. You can apply the same version control, testing, and CI/CD practices you already use for your dbt project to your <Constant name="semantic_layer" />.
```
